doc(release) release notes OSS 23.10 (#4146)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 23.10.22

Release date: `February 27, 2025`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for command configuration (ADD).
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for host categories configuration.
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for service categories configuration.

> - [CEIP] Added LACCESS in metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Media - Image Synchronization] Fixed an issue with the case sensitivity of file extensions.
- [Media - Image Synchronization] SVG files are now supported.

> - [Resource Status] Fixed issue preventing some services from being listed in the filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Resource Status] Fixed an issue preventing some services from being listed in the filters.
```

- [Translation] Fixed a translation issue on menu & breadcrumb and added a "Connectors" submenu that includes Monitoring Connectors and Additional configurations.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

> - [Image upload] Fixed a security vulnerability while uploading an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Image upload] Fixed a security vulnerability on image upload.
```
